add  support for override fields (#4)
berbix/berbix-php: README.md

- `responsePayload: string` - A string describing the payload type to return when fetching transaction metadata, e.g. "us-dl". See [our testing guide](https://docs.berbix.com/docs/testing) for possible options.
- `flags: string[]` - An optional list of flags to associate with the transaction (independent of the payload's contents), e.g. ["id_under_18", "id_under_21"]. See [our flags documentation](https://docs.berbix.com/docs/id-flags) for a list of flags.

> - `override_fields: array(string => string)` - An optional mapping from a [transaction field](https://docs.berbix.com/reference#gettransactionmetadata) to the desired override value, e.g. `'override_fields' => array('date_of_birth' => '2000-12-09')`

Reviewer: Nit: this should be camelCase for consistency.
```suggestion
- `overrideFields: array(string => string)` - An optional mapping from a [transaction field](https://docs.berbix.com/reference#gettransactionmetadata) to the desired override value, e.g. `'overrideFields' => array('date_of_birth' => '2000-12-09')`
```
